add migration guide to scheduler v1beta3 (#30404)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/scheduling/policies.md

runs to [filter and score nodes](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/kube-scheduler/#kube-scheduler-implementation),
respectively.

You can set a scheduling policy by running
`kube-scheduler --policy-config-file <filename>` or
`kube-scheduler --policy-configmap <ConfigMap>`

> and using the [Policy type](/docs/reference/config-api/kube-scheduler-policy-config.v1/).

Reviewer: Maybe we should leave this text in, or something like it, to make it clear what the thing is that we're telling readers they shouldn't use.
eg
```markdown
In Kubernetes versions before v1.23, you were able to set a scheduling policy by
passing command line argumets to the kube-scheduler. For example, you might
have configured the scheduler to run with the command line
`kube-scheduler --policy-config-file my-policy.yaml`.
``` 

If so, we could omit the previous paragraph.

Author: Explain what it is also seems meaningful.

> This scheduling policy is not longer supported, associated flags `policy-config-file`, `policy-configmap`, `policy-configmap-namespace` and `use-legacy-policy-config` are also removed. Instead, use the [Scheduler Configuration](/docs/reference/scheduling/config/) to achieve similar behavior.

Reviewer: Please check what version first removed support for that scheduling policy - I assume it is v1.23 but haven't checked.

```suggestion
This scheduling policy is not supported in Kubernetes v1.23 or later. Associated flags `policy-config-file`, `policy-configmap`, `policy-configmap-namespace` and `use-legacy-policy-config` are also not supported. Instead, use the [Scheduler Configuration](/docs/reference/scheduling/config/) to achieve similar behavior.
```

Given how simple the page is, I'd omit the callout. Just explain that this isn't available.

For Kubernetes v1.25 (or maybe v1.24), we should drop this document and redirect to https://k8s.io/docs/reference/scheduling/config/

Author: Remove this document in subsequent version sounds good.

Author: done @sftim

`kube-scheduler --policy-configmap <ConfigMap>`
and using the [Policy type](/docs/reference/config-api/kube-scheduler-policy-config.v1/).

{{< warning >}}

> This scheduling policy is removed in v1beta3, associated flags `policy-config-file`, `policy-configmap`, `policy-configmap-namespace` and `use-legacy-policy-config` are also removed. Instead, use the [Scheduler Configuration](/docs/reference/scheduling/config/) to achieve similar behavior.

Reviewer 2: this note is not about v1beta3. It's just removed altogether.

I think we should remove the rest of the file.

Author: Do you mean we just remove the file about scheduling policy all together, what about the users still using lower version like v1beta1, they may want to refer to this article for details. 

Just to confirm whether I understood your words correctly.

Reviewer 2: first of all, the scheduling policy is not tied to the component config API. They are alternatives to each other.

In 1.23, we removed the scheduling policy entirely. If somebody wants to use it, they have to run k8s 1.22 or older. The website documentation always refers to the latest version, then we should remove the contents of the file and just leave the note.

Users can always find documentation for older releases like this: https://v1-21.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/home/

Author: thanks for explanation, since scheduling policy is removed entirely, I'll delete this file then.

Reviewer 2: I would leave the note and remove the rest of the file.

Author: preview [here](https://deploy-preview-30404--kubernetes-io-vnext-staging.netlify.app/docs/reference/scheduling/policies/)

`kube-scheduler --policy-configmap <ConfigMap>`
and using the [Policy type](/docs/reference/config-api/kube-scheduler-policy-config.v1/).

{{< warning >}}

> This scheduling policy is removed entirely, associated flags `policy-config-file`, `policy-configmap`, `policy-configmap-namespace` and `use-legacy-policy-config` are also removed. Instead, use the [Scheduler Configuration](/docs/reference/scheduling/config/) to achieve similar behavior.

Reviewer 2: is not longer supported.

Also remove lines 14 to 17. Not sure if also 9 to 12.

Author: We just removed `how to do it` and I think we can keep `what it is`, since it's a short description. Just from my side.

Reviewer 2: /lgtm

Although I'll leave it to the docs reviewer to confirm if this is a good strategy.
